Fix initialDelaySeconds docs (#43289)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

* `initialDelaySeconds`: Number of seconds after the container has started before startup,
  liveness or readiness probes are initiated. If a startup  probe is defined, liveness and
  readiness probe delays do not begin until the startup probe has succeeded. If the value of
  `periodSeconds` is greater than `initialDelaySeconds` then the `initialDelaySeconds` would be

>   ignored. Defaults to 0 seconds. Minimum value is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ignored and defaults to 0 seconds with minimum value 0.
```

Author: I think it will cause confusion.
